You guys in this video we're going to work on the Showcase area here to start with and then we'll go
from there.
So what we're going to do is go to functions not ph P and we're going to have a separate file for the
customized.
OK.
So what we're going to do here is we're going to say re-acquire.
Actually I want to see required get a template directory
and then we just want to concatenate slash ink slash customize or dot ph p.
All right.
And then we're going to create a folder in our theme called ink and create a file save it as customize
or dot HP.
All right.
So right here we're going to say p p and then function clean cut underscore
customize underscore register.
All right.
And then right beneath that function we're going to do an action.
And the hook that we're looking for is customized register.
And then we just want to plug in this function name.
All right.
So first we want to do is add a section.
OK.
So I wanted to just paste this in to save some time.
Basically we're saying we're taking W.P. customize which we actually have to pass in right here.
All right.
And then we're calling add section we're calling it showcase.
Then it takes an array of options.
We have a title which will be showcased description and then we have a priority.
OK which is 130.
I want this to be at the bottom of what's there now.
OK so let's go ahead and save that.
Now I don't know if it's going to show up where we have no fields but if we click customize.
OK.
So it's not showing up yet.
We need to actually add a setting in a control.
All right.
So let's go back in and let's go right underneath.
And I want to add a setting for the heading I saw paste this in.
Basically we're saying W.P. customize ads setting.
We're calling it showcase heading.
The default is just going to be the next clean cut theme and the type is going to be a theme mod.
All right so that that gives us the setting.
But now we need a control.
So we're going to face this soon.
So now we're using AD control.
Same thing showcase heading you wanted to match that.
We have a label.
It's just going to say heading.
And then the section we want is showcase OK which is the one we created.
So if we save that and then go back and reload.
Now we have a showcase section if we click on that.
We have a heading control now for the text is going to be basically the same thing I'm going to copy
the setting and the control here and paste that in and then we'll just change this stuff say text.
And we want to change it to showcase text and the default
K type is fine.
Want to change this down here to showcase text as well.
Change this to text section showcase.
And we're just going to change priority to 4.
All right so now if we go back and reload now in Showcase we also have the text option.
All right so now we're going to do the image the background image.
We're going to put that up at the top right below where we put the section I am going to paste the send
.
OK so what we have here is the setting showcase image the default.
We want to set that to the default image which is in the template directory and then I add the I Am
G folder and then a file called showcase start a peg which you should already have in there should be
included in your theme files or your project files for the control.
We're doing something different instead of just putting in an array.
We're putting in this new WP customize image control.
All right and then down here we have the array with the label section settings and all that.
We have a priority of one.
I want that at the top.
So let's go ahead and save it reload now and showcase.
We have this image option.
Now it's not showing up there and I don't know why.
See.
IMAGE.
Oh I don't have my images in there.
So let me just grab those.
So I'm just pasting in the showcase started jpeg and the banner dot J drag.
So now you can see that we have this default image.
So next is going to be the height of the banner.
So let's do that.
I'm going to go right underneath the image control and we're going to paste that in.
So it's a height setting and a height control
showcase height.
The fault is going to be 700 and then down here we have the control.
Priority is going to be to save that and that should be it for the showcase section fields.
OK so it should look like this.
Now let's actually implement this.
So what we want to do is let's open up head or head or drop each p and we have this in here because
this came from the index h t m l what we want to do is make this dynamic so the showcase height we're
going to get rid of that and in here we want to say ph P go get theme mod and what we're looking for
is show case height.
OK and then the default that we want here is seven hundred.
All right.
And then we do want the X for the pixels.
And then for the image background image here let's copy that.
We just did and we'll put that in here.
OK we want to change showcase height to showcase image.
Now for the default we're going to say Get blog info and we're going to pass in template you rl.
And then just concatenate slash.
I am g slash showcase door.
Jay peg.
All right so we'll save that.
Let's go to the front end.
So now we have our background image and we can now change it.
We can also change the height.
OK.
So let's say we wanted to change this to 400 that go.
It changes it here.
If we save it and go to the front end it also changes.
OK.
So put that back.
So we have the image and the height.
Now we need to implement the heading text and the text text.
So let's go back to actually we want to go to index ph P and go right here and I'm going to paste this
and get the mod.
Cept it's going to be showcase heading.
And then for the default text you'll see a clean cut theme and then let's do the text
I save that
load and there we go.
So we can now edit the heading the text the image and the height.
So now what we want is the social buttons.
KADISH we should be able to specify our profile or else.
So what we're going to do is go back to the custom Isar and we're going to create a whole new section
.
So let's go right here
and I'm going to pace this in case so this is the social section just called it social priority is 140
I wanted to go underneath the showcase.
And then the first setting and control we want is the Facebook you are all going to paste that in.
All right.
So basically this is just called Facebook you are l our default is just going to be Facebook dot com
no actual profile and then we have the control.
All right.
The next will be Twitter.
So paste that in.
It's literally the same exact thing except for using Twitter you r l k.
Same thing with Linked In.
It's good.
Place that in.
OK.
So I'll save that.
And then in the back end here on the Customize are we now have a social section.
Click that and we have our swings.
All right.
So right now we haven't implemented them in the front end so let's do that.
We're going to go to index ph P and go down to where we have all of our social icons here.
Now remember if we don't have any text in the as the R L then we don't want the button to show so we
just need to do a simple IF statement.
All right so let's go to
let's see we're going to go right above the Facebook URL button and we'll say p p f
get theme mod
Facebook you are l.
And we also want the default here as well which will just be Facebook dot com.
So we're going to say if it is not equal to nothing OK then we want this to show.
No I'll just say ph P and F
and we want to go to the eight track which there isn't one here actually.
So we need to create that.
OK so this will be THP echoed get theme maade
Facebook you are out
and the default
.
And I also want this to open a new page.
So we're going to put the target attribute set that to underscore blank.
OK.
So that takes care of the Facebook.
Now just to make this easy you're going to copy this whole thing we just did from the if statement down
to END-IF copy and then replace these two down here.
OK and then we'll just change this one to Twitter
.
OK.
And then we'll change this one here to Linked In
.
All right.
So save that
and let's go take a look.
OK.
So let's make sure that we can actually change it.
Now if I was to just get rid of this totally the hold the button goes away which is what we want.
All right.
So let's say Facebook dot com slash test save.
Go to the front end.
And that brings us to Facebook dot com slash test.
All right.
So now we have our social icons set up.
Now we're going to want the same functionality in the former our I'm sorry the banner so I'm actually
going to grab
this grab from here.
This is the first checking for the Facebook.
You are actually going to grab all three of these and copy and then down in the banner we're going to
replace this UL and then we'll just add the US back.
So paste that in.
Actually it's not replace the well we're going to just replace all the allies.
All right.
And then we simply need to just add ally to each of these
.
All right.
Save that.
And there we go.
Now the banner I want on every page.
So instead of just having to add it to every single file.
Let's just put it in the folder.
So I'll grab that.
Cut it out and go into photocopy each piece and put it right at the top
and there we go.
OK.
Now we still have to implement the customize our options for the folder as well as some of the other
stuff.
So we're going to do that in the next video.